Re: CEASE AND DESIST USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Dear Data Broker:
At the request of the individuals listed under Addendum A attached hereto (“Customer”) you are hereby directed to take the following immediate actions in compliance with applicable state, federal and international consumer protection, and data privacy laws. This letter is privileged and confidential.
You and your affiliates are hereby directed to:
CEASE AND DESIST ALL USE, SALE, RETENTION AND DISTRIBUTION OF
ALL CUSTOMER’S PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DATA (“DATA”).
We further demand that you and your affiliates take the following immediate actions:
a) Provide a copy of all Data;
b) Provide a list of where the Data came from;
c) Delete all Data;
d) Terminate all further attempts to collect, retain, purchase, sale or distribute
Data in any way;
e) Do not assign or transfer Data to any other party;
f) Provide a list of affiliates that are covered by this letter;
g) Confirm to us in writing that all actions requested in this letter have been completed.
Data shall include all Customer non-public personal information, including but not be limited to, the following:
Social Security Numbers
Credit Card Account Numbers
All other financial information
If you fail to properly take the above listed actions within thirty (30) days of
receipt of this letter, our Customer may suffer significant damages as a result, particularly if the Data currently being held and distributed by you if false or misleading.  Upon the expiration of applicable statutorily required notice periods, Customers may move forward with exploring its options of relief available under any applicable laws, including engaging an attorney, to seek damages, as applicable, for injuries, triple damages as appropriate, and attorneys’ fees in addition to the demands in this letter, including but not limited to notification of Attorneys General with appropriate jurisdiction.
I look forward to your response.

Our intention is to send a similar letter multiple times per year.  We would prefer to work with your team in a more streamlined way.  This is especially relevant regarding sending a copy of existing data.  We harbor no ill will, our Customers would like to opt out permanently and we hope to work with your team to make this happen in the most efficient way possible. .  

Kind Regards,


Addendum A
Please Mark the appropriate boxes.

Name & Address -	Provided Copy of Data -	Deleted Data- Person not in Database -	Person Permanently Removed
			
